Content/Deploy Node.js PHP and Python Web-apps-on-Azure.md, before:

#Deploying Node.js, PHP, and Python Web applications on Azure 

##OVERVIEW
This article provides a brief overview of how to build and mainly deploy Node.js, PHP, and Python Web applications on Microsoft Azure. This is not a step-by-step how to because there is a huge amount of information on these topics for the variety of platforms, however, it can be considered as a starting point and collection of the live links that have comprehensive info. The focus of the article is more about how to deploy your application in Azure, rather than how to build it from scratch, so it can be useful if you are looking for application migration.

General information about the deployment of the applications.  
Understand best options to deploy your web (and mobile, or API) app to Azure App Service independent of dev langugage: https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/web-sites-deploy/

##Node.js 
-	Discover how to use Web.deploy technology for deploying Node.js applications: https://github.com/Microsoft/nodejstools/wiki/Publish-to-Azure-Website-using-Web-Deploy
-	Learn more about the Git based publishing of Node.js applications along with tips and tweaks of applications to support Git publishing: https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/web-sites-nodejs-develop-deploy-mac/#publish-your-application
-	After publishing a Node.js application you will need to debug and monitor the application. This article provides great information about how to debug and troubleshoot Node.js apps on Azure: http://blogs.msdn.com/b/azureossds/archive/2015/08/19/detecting-memory-leak-in-node-js-web-apps-at-azure.aspx

##PHP
PHP web applications can be deployed using two standard ways: 1) FTP based publishing and 2) deployment directly from the source control (Git).  
-	This tutorial shows how to create a PHP-MySQL web app and how to deploy it using FTP: https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/web-sites-php-mysql-deploy-use-ftp/
-	The following article provides a step-by-step guide on how to deploy a PHP application from the Git source control: https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/web-sites-php-mysql-deploy-use-git/


##Python
-	This tutorial describes options for authoring and configuring a basic Web Server Gateway Interface (WSGI) compliant Python application on Azure App Service Web Apps https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/web-sites-python-configure/
-	In this tutorial, Python Tools for Visual Studio are used to create a simple polls web app using one of the PTVS sample templates. https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/web-sites-python-ptvs-django-mysql/

Commit message:

Update Deploy Node.js PHP and Python Web-apps-on-Azure.md

Content/Deploy Node.js PHP and Python Web-apps-on-Azure.md, after:

#Deploying Node.js, PHP, and Python Web applications on Azure 

##OVERVIEW
This article provides a brief overview of how to build and mainly deploy Node.js, PHP, and Python Web applications on Microsoft Azure. This is not a step-by-step how to because there is a huge amount of information on these topics for the variety of platforms, however, it can be considered as a starting point and collection of the live links that have comprehensive info. The focus of the article is more about how to deploy your application in Azure, rather than how to build it from scratch, so it can be useful if you are looking for application migration.

General information about the deployment of the applications.  
Understand best options to deploy your web (and mobile, or API) app to Azure App Service independent of dev langugage: https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/web-sites-deploy/

This article is also available in PDF format [here] (media/PDF-files/Node.js PHP and Python.pdf).
If you have any feedback on the documentation please log the feedback via an [issue] (https://github.com/Azure-for-Startups/Content/issues).

##Node.js 
-	Discover how to use Web.deploy technology for deploying Node.js applications: https://github.com/Microsoft/nodejstools/wiki/Publish-to-Azure-Website-using-Web-Deploy
-	Learn more about the Git based publishing of Node.js applications along with tips and tweaks of applications to support Git publishing: https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/web-sites-nodejs-develop-deploy-mac/#publish-your-application
-	After publishing a Node.js application you will need to debug and monitor the application. This article provides great information about how to debug and troubleshoot Node.js apps on Azure: http://blogs.msdn.com/b/azureossds/archive/2015/08/19/detecting-memory-leak-in-node-js-web-apps-at-azure.aspx

##PHP
PHP web applications can be deployed using two standard ways: 1) FTP based publishing and 2) deployment directly from the source control (Git).  
-	This tutorial shows how to create a PHP-MySQL web app and how to deploy it using FTP: https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/web-sites-php-mysql-deploy-use-ftp/
-	The following article provides a step-by-step guide on how to deploy a PHP application from the Git source control: https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/web-sites-php-mysql-deploy-use-git/


##Python
-	This tutorial describes options for authoring and configuring a basic Web Server Gateway Interface (WSGI) compliant Python application on Azure App Service Web Apps https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/web-sites-python-configure/
-	In this tutorial, Python Tools for Visual Studio are used to create a simple polls web app using one of the PTVS sample templates. https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/web-sites-python-ptvs-django-mysql/
